# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --python-platform windows requirements-raw.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.20.0
    # via weasel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
debugpy==1.8.9
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.55.3
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gensim==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
ipympl==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
ipython==8.30.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipympl
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   ipympl
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   ipympl
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
murmurhash==1.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   gensim
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   ipympl
    #   matplotlib
    #   sentence-transformers
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
psutil==6.1.0
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pyqt6==6.7.1
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
pyqt6-qt6==6.7.3
    # via pyqt6
pyqt6-sip==13.9.0
    # via pyqt6
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   marisa-trie
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torch
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==7.0.5
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   weasel
spacy==3.7.5
    # via -r requirements-raw.txt
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.5.0
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
thinc==8.2.5
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipympl
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.47.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-raw.txt
    #   sentence-transformers
typer==0.15.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via smart-open
